"Dell Technologies Inc. designs, develops, manufactures, markets, sells, and supports information 
technology (IT) solutions, products, and services worldwide. The company operates through three segments: 
Infrastructure Solutions Group (ISG), Client Solutions Group (CSG), and VMware. The ISG segment provides 
traditional and next-generation storage solutions; and rack, blade, tower, and hyperscale servers. This 
segment also offers networking products and services that help its business customers to transform and 
modernize their infrastructure, mobilize and enrich end-user experiences, and accelerate business 
applications and processes; attached software and peripherals; and support and deployment, configuration, 
and extended warranty services. The CSG segment provides desktops, workstations, and notebooks; 
displays and projectors; attached and third-party software and peripherals, as well as support and 
deployment, configuration, and extended warranty services. The VMware segment supports customers in the 
areas of hybrid and multi-cloud, modern applications, networking, security, and digital workspaces, helping 
customers to manage IT resource across private clouds and complex multi-cloud, multi-device 
environments. Dell Technologies Inc. also provides information security; and cloud software and 
infrastructure-as-a-service solutions that enable customers to migrate, run, and manage mission-critical 
applications in cloud-based IT environments. The company was formerly known as Denali Holding Inc. and 
changed its name to Dell Technologies Inc. in August 2016. Dell Technologies Inc. was founded in 1984 and 
is headquartered in Round Rock, Texas."

"Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2025 Fourth Quarter Financial Results 
Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I'd like to inform all participants that this call is being recorded at 
the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is a copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any 
rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is 
prohibited. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to turn the call over to Paul Frantz, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. 
Frantz, you may begin.\nPaul Frantz: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today are Jeff Clarke, Yvonne 
McGill and Tyler Johnson. Our earnings materials are available on our IR website, and I encourage you to 
review those materials. Also, please take some time to review the presentation, which includes additional 
content to complement our discussion this afternoon. Guidance will be covered on today's call. During this 
call, unless otherwise indicated, all references to financial metrics refer to GAAP financial measures, 
including non- GAAP gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, diluted earnings per 
share, free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to the most directly 
comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and our press release. Growth percentages refer 
to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Statements made during this call that relate to future 
results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events 
could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed 
in our web deck and SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now I'll 
turn it over to Jeff.\nJeff Clarke: Thanks, Paul, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. I am proud of the team's 
execution this year. We navigated an incredibly dynamic AI environment and accelerating server 
consolidation, a significant pivot to Dell IP storage and a lagging PC refresh and delivered results above our 
long-term value-creation framework. We grew our company while reducing our operating expenditures over 
the course of the year. Our modernization have made us more efficient and provided us the ability to invest 
more innovation and in areas of strategic differentiation. Our FY '25 revenue was $95.6 billion, up 8%, with 
operating income of $8.5 billion. OpEx was reduced by 4% over the course of the year. This resulted in record 
EPS of $8.14, up 10%, and cash flow of $4.5 billion. We continue to differentiate ourselves with consistent 
performance through numerous economic cycles, different technology buying and adoption cycles and our 
rapidly innovating technology ecosystem. Some examples of the innovation from this past year. We added 
five platforms to our AI-optimized portfolio, including support of the oil architectures, the highlight being the 
PowerEdge XE9712 supporting NVIDIA's NVL72 GB200, which we were the first to ship in the world. We 
launched the Dell Infrastructure Rack Sobel system, our IR7000 and 5000 in both 21-inch and 19-inch 
versions, providing up to 96 GPUs in a rack and 786 GPUs in a scalable unit. We have made significant 
advancements of CPUs, cold plates metals and power distribution with our IR7000 supporting up to 480 
kilowatts per rep. We introduced our direct-to-chip liquid cooling version of the 9680, providing 33% density 
improvement and 2.5x improvement in energy efficiency. We made significant advancements to PowerStore 
with PowerStore Prime, our mid-range storage solution addressing the fastest-growing portion of the market. 
And we introduced the PowerScale F910 and F710 in our unstructured portfolio that is prime to support 
unstructured and AI workloads. We introduced the most Copilot+ PCs powered by ARM-based Qualcomm 
Snapdragon processors and also launched the broadest portfolio of Intel Meteor Lake commercial PCs, 
furthering our number one leadership position in commercial AI PCs worldwide. We continued our number 
one leadership in PC monitors with the world's first 4k monitors to achieve 5-star Eye Comfort certification. 
focused on expanding our peripherals portfolio selling everything around the PC docking stations, cameras, 
mice, keyboards and headsets, including the first and only holistic solution to manage your fleet of PCs and 
peripherals remotely, creating the best possible customer experience. And finally, we simplified our 
branding, redesigned our PC portfolio and broadened our silicon options across Intel, AMD and Qualcomm, 
setting us up well for the PC refresh. We are extremely well positioned to capture growth across every 
segment of our business and extend AI from the largest at-scale CSPs to enterprise workloads and out to the 
edge with the PC. These tailwinds and our unique operating model that leverages our leading product 
positions, our go-to-market engine, services and supply chain, underpin our confidence that our opportunity 
continues to grow as we look ahead to FY '26. Moving to Q4. Revenue was $23.9 billion, up 7%, driven by a 
robust ISG growth. We executed particularly strong with substantial operating margin improvement in ISG 
driven by our Dell IP storage portfolio. This resulted in EPS of $2.68, up 18%, growing faster than revenue. 
Turning to BU results. Let's start with ISG. The prospects for AI are strong, and we are very well positioned. In 
Q4, AI orders demand was $1.7 billion with $2.1 billion in shipments in order with $4.1 billion in backlog as 
customers work through technology changes. And in February, our partnership with XAI and other customers 
continued. We booked deals putting our AI backlog at roughly $9 billion as of today. Our pipeline expanded 
sequentially and has grown every quarter since the introduction of the 9680. We are seeing continued 
progress in AI from enterprise customers, albeit still earlier in their journey with sequential growth in both 
orders and customers. And our engineering services, financing and ability to optimize density and 
performance per watt are important differentiators for the largest at-scale CSPs and provide very efficient 
enterprise solutions. In traditional servers, the growth trajectory continues, up double digits in Q4. We've now 
seen 5 quarters of year-over-year demand. Our mix of 16G servers continues to increase as customers 
remain focused on consolidation to improve power efficiency and increase floor space. The server 
consolidation in the data center is expanding server TRUs driven by service with more CPU cores, storage and 
memory. In storage, we saw P&L growth for the second consecutive quarter with very strong profitability 
driven by our Dell IP storage portfolio. PowerStore, our flagship midrange product, has had strong demand 
growth for four consecutive quarters, the most recent three at double-digit demand growth. As I mentioned, 
the software and hardware updates we made with PowerStore Prime resonate with customers and partners. 
We have industry-leading 5:1 data reduction, delivered 30% improvement in IOPS Native MetroSync and QLC 
availability. We also saw double-digit demand growth in PowerScale, our leading unstructured storage 
platform, and continued growth in our buyer base with PowerFlex. We are well positioned in some of the 
fastest-growing categories within storage as customers shift towards disaggregated architectures. In CSG, 
we are seeing the recovery coming with strength in SMB, which historically is a leading indicator. We also saw 
large opportunities within the quarter, which were very competitive. Commercial was up 5%, marking the 
second consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth and the fourth consecutive quarter of demand growth. 
Consistent with what we saw coming out of Q3, customers are waiting to refresh to buy AI PCs that future-
proof their purchases going forward. Consumer continues to be challenged with softer demand and elevating 
levels of discounting. We expect a broader PC refresh this year as the installed base continues to age, we get 
closer to the Windows 10 end of life and AI PCs are more broadly available. To close, I am proud of our FY '25 
results and our ability to execute our strategy, leveraging our strengths to extend our leadership positions and 
capture new growth. The AI hardware and services TAM has nearly doubled over the course of the year to 
$295 billion in 2027, growing at a 33% CAGR. We are well positioned in AI, traditional servers, storage with 
our focus on Dell IP and PCs, including everything around the device. We continue to drive a disproportionate 
level of AI growth by demonstrating the value we provide to our customers and I'm excited for the tailwinds 
surrounding our business as we enter FY '26. Now over to Yvonne for more details about Q4.\nYvonne McGill: 
Thanks, Jeff. Let me begin with an overview of our Q4 performance, then I'll move to ISG, CSG cash and 
guidance. In the fourth quarter, we delivered strong profitability, specifically in ISG. Our total revenue was up 
7% to $23.9 billion. This was driven by continued strength in servers. Our combined ISG and CSG business 
grew 10%. Gross margin was $5.8 billion or 24.3% of revenue. This is down 50 basis points due to a more 
competitive pricing environment, predominantly in CSG and an increase in our AI-optimized server mix. 
Within gross margin, we discovered previously unrecognized accumulated credits from suppliers. You'll find 
revised financial results within our Q4 press release that reflect higher gross margin and increased earnings 
per share for the relevant period. Operating expense was down 6% to $3.1 billion or 13.1% of revenue. FY '25 
was a transformative year as we reevaluated, reimagined and modernized how we operate. This enabled us 
to unlock efficiencies and increase productivity, all while growing our core business double digits. Now let's 
look at operating income. We delivered a 22% increase to $2.7 billion or 11.2% of revenue. This was driven by 
higher revenue and lower operating expenses, partially offset by a decline in our gross margin rate. Q4 net 
income was up 15% to $1.9 billion primarily driven by stronger operating income. And our diluted EPS was up 
18% to $2.68. Now let's move to ISG, where we delivered another quarter of strong performance. ISG revenue 
was $11.4 billion, up 22%. Servers and networking revenue was a Q4 record at $6.6 billion, up 37%. We 
continue to see strong demand across both AI and traditional servers. Storage revenue was up 5% to $4.7 
billion, a second consecutive quarter of growth. We executed very well in storage. We had a record demand 
quarter for PowerStore. PowerScale grew double digits, and our PowerFlex buyer base grew. While the overall 
demand environment is lagging that of traditional servers, we see some promising trends. We had record ISG 
operating income of $2.1 billion, up 44%. This was driven primarily by higher revenue. Our ISG operating 
income rate was up again sequentially to a record 18.1% of revenue. The rate improvement of 480 basis 
points was the result of improved gross margins, especially in storage, and reduced operating expense. 
Within storage, we saw record profitability driven by a higher mix of Dell IP versus partner IP, improved 
product profitability and revenue scaling in what is seasonally our strongest quarter. Now let's turn to CSG. 
CSG revenue was up 1% to $11.9 billion. Commercial revenue was up 5% to $10 billion, while consumer 
revenue was down 12% to $1.9 billion. CSG operating income was $0.6 billion or 5.3% of revenue. This is 
down 90 basis points sequentially due to a more competitive pricing environment. We saw some promising 
signs as we went through November and December with pockets of strength in large deals, but overall saw a 
slowdown in January. As Jeff mentioned, we saw strength in small and medium business, which is historically 
a leading indicator. Profitability in commercial was weaker than expected as demand continued to push into 
the next fiscal year. In consumer, the demand environment remains soft and profitability remains 
challenged. We are ready and well positioned for a PC refresh with our simplified rebrand, leading go-to-
market engine and focus on commercial PCs, the most profitable segments of the market. Shifting gears, 
Dell Financial Services continues to drive differentiated payment solutions for our customers. We exited the 
year with a record $15 billion in assets under management, up 5%. And when you normalize for the exit of our 
VMware resell business and the discontinuation of our commercial revolving product, DFS originations were 
up 7% in Q4 with a strong attach rate across the business. Now let's move to cash flow and the balance 
sheet. Q4 cash flow from operations was $0.6 billion. This was primarily driven by profitability, partially offset 
by working capital. Our cash conversion cycle was negative 31 days with $6.7 billion in inventory. We ended 
the quarter with $5.2 billion in cash and investments, down $1.4 billion sequentially. Our core leverage ratio 
was down sequentially to 1.2x. We returned $1.1 billion of capital to shareholders with 6.4 million shares of 
stock repurchased at an average price of $117.51 and paid a dividend of $0.45 per share. Since our capital 
reaching program began at the beginning of FY '23, we've returned $10.8 billion to shareholders through stock 
repurchases and dividends. We announced an 18% increase in our annual dividend to $2.10 per share, well 
above our long-term value-creation framework. Additionally, the Board of Directors has approved a $10 
billion increase in our share repurchase authorization. This is a testament to our confidence in the business 
and our ability to generate strong cash flow. Turning to FY '26 guidance. IT spending is expected to grow with 
3 underlying trends that we see. First, businesses are leveraging AI to enable competitive advantages, and we 
are seeing that in our opportunity pipeline that continues to expand. Second, data center modernization is 
well underway with a focus on consolidation and power efficiency. Third, customers are planning to refresh 
their PC installed base with AI-enabled devices. As these trends materialize, we will leverage our operating 
model that has driven value creation over the last 40 years. Against that backdrop, we expect revenue and 
EPS growth in FY '26 above our long-term value-creation framework. We expect FY '26 revenue to be between 
$101 billion and $105 billion with a midpoint of $103 billion, up 8%. We expect ISG to grow high teens driven 
by $15 billion of AI server shipments and continued growth in traditional server and storage. And we expect 
CSG to grow low to mid-single digits, more weighted towards the second half of the year. We expect the 
combination of ISG and CSG to grow 10% at the midpoint. Given the higher mix of our AI-optimized servers 
and the current competitive environment, we expect our gross margin rate to decline roughly 100 basis 
points. As our modernization efforts continue, we expect OpEx to be down low single digits year-over-year. 
We expect ISG operating income rate to be roughly flat year-over-year with CSG down slightly. We expect I&O 
to be between $1.4 billion and $1.5 billion. Diluted non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $9.30 plus or minus 
$0.25, up 14% at the midpoint, assuming an annual non-GAAP tax rate of 18%. For Q1, we expect revenue to 
be between $22.5 million and $23.5 billion, up 3% at the midpoint of $23 billion. ISG and CSG combined are 
expected to grow 6% at the midpoint with ISG growing low teens and CSG flat year-over-year. Gross margin 
rate will be lower sequentially given seasonally lower storage mix and a higher AI-optimized server mix. OpEx 
will be down low single digits year-over-year. We expect operating income rate to be down sequentially given 
typical seasonality in ISG with lower storage mix. We expect our diluted share count to be between 706 
million and 710 million shares, and our diluted non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $1.65 plus or minus $0.10, 
up 25% at the midpoint. In closing, we delivered solid FY '25 results, well above our long-term value-creation 
framework. We generated $95.6 billion in revenue, record EPS of $8.14 and returned $3.9 billion of capital to 
our shareholders. We executed our strategy and expanded our lead in AI while positioning our core business 
for the opportunity ahead. Internally, we began a transformation to future-proof the company, focusing on 
supplying, automating and modernizing how we work. And as we look forward, I'm excited about the 
sustainable growth we see and the value we will continue to deliver to our customers and our shareholders. 
Now I'll turn it back to Paul to begin Q&A.\nPaul Frantz: Thanks, Yvonne. Let's get to Q&A. In order to ensure 
we get to as many of as possible, please ask one concise question. Let's go to the first question, 
operator.\nOperator: [Operator Instructions]. And the first question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of 
America.\nWamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you so much. Yvonne, could you talk through the fiscal '26 guide? And 
what sort of maybe some of the assumptions that are incorporated beyond what you stated? Your revenues 
are going to be up roughly in total about 7.7%, EPS up about 14%. But your comments on ISG and CSG 
margins are flat to down, and you noted a fairly competitive environment. So can you just bridge those sort of 
comments to your EPS growth? How much is coming potentially from buybacks? And have you made any 
tariff-related assumptions in these margin guides? Thank you so much.\nYvonne McGill: Thanks, Wamsi. So 
yes, in the guide for the year, we guided to the $103 billion of midpoint, up 8%, with everything growing, right? 
ISG and CSG expected to be up combined about 10%. If I look at ISG, which I think some of your question is 
coming from, we expect that to be in the high teens, fueled by that $15 billion of AI server shipments that we 
referred to as well as continued growth in both traditional server and storage, I'd say with storage in the low 
single digits. CSG, we do expect to grow in the mid-single digits coming up for the year that's just begun with 
that refresh cycle that we're expecting to be more weighted towards the second half of the year. OpEx is 
another area. We guided to it being down low single digits year-over-year. That's just a continuation of all of 
the efficiencies that we're driving across the entire company. And then the improving year-over-year to the 
9.1%, up from 8.9%, so an improvement there. When I think of what to expect from an ISG standpoint from an 
offing level, we're saying roughly flat year-over-year. And we expect there to be continued competition, I 
guess, is the right way to put it in CSG. But again, we've guided and embedded that in there. And I go back to 
ISG real quick and say, hey, we are going to be growing the AI business while continuing to drive profitability 
there. So we'll continue to balance, as we have been doing, our growth and profitability. And we're going to 
manage pricing, we're going to manage the competitive environment, and we're going to continue to drive 
value for our shareholders.\nJeff Clarke: Thanks, Wamsi.\nOperator: And the next question comes from Erik 
Woodring with Morgan Stanley.\nErik Woodring: Great guys, thanks so much for taking my question. Jeff, a 
question I often get from investors is kind of about the risk of ODM encroachment in the AI server market. As 
customers get more sophisticated over time, competition intensifies, potentially margins face downward 
pressure. Effectively, the concern is AI servers become somewhat of a cloud 2.0 type of disintermediation. 
Clearly, your AI server backlog helps to refute this concern. But I would love if you could just maybe -- how 
would you respond to those concerns if you got that question? Thanks so much.\nJeff Clarke: Sure. Thanks, 
Erik. I mean, do we see the ODMs in these large opportunities? Of course, we do. These are multibillion-
dollar opportunities. Everybody tends to show up and wants an opportunity to win the business. When I step 
back and reflect why Dell and why we continue to be optimistic here is this is custom work. It takes 
significant engineering capability. It takes significant architecture capability to win. And in many cases, we're 
building a unique and differentiated solution for each and every customer. And our customers have learned 
to value what we've been able to bring to them across their deployments, whether that is the service side 
when we extend beyond an L10 server out of the factory with L11 and L12 and full integration of Iraq, on the 
network expertise we bring to do the install and deployment of very complex network arrays. When I think 
about service, the ability that we have a global service footprint, professional servers can show up anywhere 
to solve any related problem or hands-on in these very large deployments with full-time teams. Literally, 
they're 24/7 trying to get them up and running. I think about the financing capabilities that we have in our 
company and the ability to help these CSPs, these fast- growing companies grow at the rates they want with 
our financing capabilities, I think about our go-to-market coverage and I think about the expertise we have in 
the top 30-or-so CSPs digital natives, our ability to scale this to enterprise. Erik, every time I look at this 
question, and I don't really focus on ODMs or for that matter, other OEMs. I look at the differentiated value we 
are bringing to the marketplace with the Dell company bringing end-to-end solutions. And right now, it's 
valued. And right now, we continue to differentiate. Right now, we help these large scale clusters get 
deployed faster than anybody else. I'll remind you, I probably did last time as well, we were the first to bring to 
market a GB200 rack. That's not by luck. It's by a lot of hard work, detailed engineering, collaborating in this 
case with NVIDIA and our customer to be able to take out every ounce of time and run at the speed of light, so 
to speak. So we're going to continue to invest in that differentiation. We're going to continue to make us stand 
out to be different. Our customers really value the full range of our capabilities. They like the notion of a one 
place to go. I'm not sure others bring that. I know we do, and I know we're extracting value from the 
marketplace for that with our customers and our deployments.\nErik Woodring: Awesome. Thank you, Jeff. I 
appreciate it. Good luck, guys.\nJeff Clarke: You're welcome.\nOperator: And the next question will come 
from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.\nSimon Leopold: Thank you very much for taking the question. I 
was wondering if you could give us your thoughts on your exposure to the U.S. federal government. Basically, 
how big is it typically as a percent of your revenue? And how are you thinking about the trend given all the 
noise we hear out of Washington around budget cuts and spending cuts?\nYvonne McGill: So Simon, I'll take 
a pass at that. We do business in 170-plus countries around the world. Obviously, our largest country is the 
United States, and we do business with the federal government. But I can't really parse out exactly what 
you're asking for. We're certainly going to lean into all opportunities that are ahead of us and continue to be 
successful in that space. I don't know...\nJeff Clarke: No, I would add to what Yvonne said. We've had 
numerous times in our history where a country or a particular segment demand was suppressed for various 
reasons. We've been able to navigate the cycles, I think, pretty successfully. Our underlying belief is United 
States government will need technology. AI plays a pretty significant role in our nation. And I think the 
demand will materialize. We'll get through whatever is happening today. And we have a broad business to be 
able to do that. Whether it's PC, servers, storage, AI solutions, our services making it up in other parts of the 
world, other parts of the United States, we've again proven we've done that consistently, and we'll do so 
here.\nYvonne McGill: We can help drive efficiencies in every environment. So excited about the opportunity 
ahead.\nSimon Leopold: Thanks, Yvonne.\nOperator: And our next question will come from Aaron Rakers 
with Wells Fargo.\nAaron Rakers: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Just building on Erik's fire question, I'm 
curious, Jeff, as we really start to see the materialization of the Blackwell product cycle through your AI 
backlog, I'm curious, when you're engaged in like rack scale configurations, how would you compare the 
margin profile of those relative to the AI business on, let's say, the Hopper product cycle? And can you talk a 
little bit about the levers that you see to improve that margin as we move through 2025? Thank you.\nJeff 
Clarke: Sure, Aaron. I think I mentioned in the last call that the Blackwell margins were lower than the Hopper 
margins and remains so today. We're still early. The deals are very large upfront. There's more competitors, 
so it's a more competitive landscape. And I'll probably sound a little redundant with the last answer with Erik. 
Look, this is a system design and architecture work. There's an ability to really distinguish our engineering 
and value add in that step, which is an opportunity for us to extract value and opportunity for us to reduce 
cost. These aren't reference designs or as we would affectionately call in the engineering community, they're 
not cookie-cutter designs. We're designing a unique rack, a unique power distribution unit. Our cooling, our 
manifold, the cold plate, the ability to engineer that and to drive that through the scale of our supply chain are 
opportunities for us, helping our customers attach with our networking with our storage or opportunities. And 
while still small, it remains an opportunity because every large cluster, and for that matter, every AI workload 
requires data to fulfill its need. Services, installation, deployment, those are value-add opportunities for us 
that we continue to build on, and then obviously, the ability to be a time-to-market advantage. Those are 
areas that we continue to focus on. They drive differentiation. I think Yvonne and I have been consistent for 
the better part of the year that AI servers are margin rate-dilutive. They are margin dollar-accretive. They are 
operating margin-positive. They are profitable. And what's really interesting for us, if we take the work that 
we're doing in these large clusters, it really scales nicely to the enterprise. It allows us to really take the 
efficiencies and learnings from what we're doing with the largest clusters in the world and build optimized 
solutions for very specific domain-specific AI use cases. And our experience to date is the AI margins in 
enterprise are better, and I think they'll continue to be, and that's what we're focusing on.\nAaron Rakers: 
Okay, thanks, Eric.\nOperator: And our next question will come from Michael Ng with Goldman 
Sachs.\nMichael Ng: Hi good afternoon. Thank you for the question. I just have one on the ISG margin outlook 
of flat year-over-year for the upcoming year. It's a great outlook, particularly considering AI server revenues 
growing 50%. So can you talk a little bit about the expectations for margins for some of the components, 
traditional servers, storage AI servers? I'm just trying to understand the ability to keep ISG margins flat 
despite presumably the dilutive effect from the AI server margins. Thank you.\nJeff Clarke: I think, Mike, 
maybe the way to look at this is the, first and foremost, as we think about holding ISG margins flat, I love the 
way that you asked the question, we're going to do that by growing at least $15 billion in AI servers. I know 
your question is how we're going to do that. But for us, that's a very important mark that we're going to be able 
to meet that operating range that we've committed in our long-term framework and we're going to grow at a 
minimum of $15 billion in AI servers. And we're going to do that by what we've done in traditional servers and 
what we've done in storage. The storage leverage that Yvonne talked about earlier is front and center. When 
we grow the storage business and we control our expenses, scale matters, the operating margins improve. 
When we pivot to Dell IP storage, which we have done, our margins improve. The margins of our own IP are 
vastly superior than third-party IP. We've been doing that for some time. We made mention, I think, in our 
remarks about PowerStore. It's grown four consecutive quarters on the van line, the last three, double-digit; 
in the largest space in the external storage marketplace, midrange. It has differentiated features. We're going 
to continue to leverage our IP storage. We're building out the customer base with our direct sales force and 
our partner-first channel program. We're continuing to invest in the innovation and differentiation in our 
storage. And with our coverage, the broadest coverage in our industry, and the deepest specialty capability, 
we're going to continue to grow the customer base, which I might add, the PowerFlex customer base grew, 
the PowerScale customer base grew, the PowerStore customer base grew. And then lastly, we're looking to 
attach more storage to every AI opportunity that we have. Our traditional storage business continues to grow, 
5 consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth. We've seen an expansion of ERUs as we see the 
consolidation continuing to occur in the data center to free up more floor space and become more power 
efficiency. We see our 16G and 17G products ramping nicely. And those are driving, again, more cores, more 
memory, more SSDs, more margin dollars per server that we put in the marketplace. That's how we're doing 
it. If I missed anything, Yvonne...\nYvonne McGill: Thank you. I think you hit it.\nOperator: And the next 
question will come from Ben Reitzes with Melius Research.\nBen Reitzes: Hey, thanks guys. Appreciate it. 
Could you be more specific on the guidance for this year with regard to tariffs? What are you factoring in for 
China in particular? Is it the 10% or today, this morning's 20%? And then are you instituting any remedies? 
And what are your thoughts about remedies like raising prices, moving stuff around? And how are you 
adjusting for that? Thanks a lot.\nJeff Clarke: Well, Ben, maybe I'll take a swing at it, and Yvonne can clean up 
on this one here. Whatever was announced this morning, which we know things were announced this 
morning is not on what we just said. That said, this is a pretty darn dynamic environment as represented what 
we heard this morning. It's fluid. We built an industry-leading supply chain that's globally diverse, agile, 
resilient that helps us minimize the impacts of these trade regulations, tariffs to our customers and 
shareholders. We've been monitoring this for some time. We've taken our digital supply chain, our digital 
twins actually using some AI modelling to look at every possible scenario that you might imagine of this 
country, that country restrictions here, awaits here. To help us understand how we optimize our network and 
how we that in the least amount of time at the speed of Dell. And whatever tariff we cannot mitigate, we view 
that as an input cost. And as our input costs go up, it may require us to adjust prices. That's what we've done 
in the past. I can't imagine we're going to do anything differently. Yvonne, if I missed something.\nYvonne 
McGill: No, I think you hit it. We'll take into account the input costs and price accordingly in this competitive 
environment that we're operating in such, continue onwards.\nOperator: And we'll take a question from 
David Vogt with UBS.\nDavid Vogt: Great, thanks guys. Maybe just on ISG xAI. So if we take -- maybe Yvonne 
for you, if we take your kind of outlook at face value, it points to incredibly strong growth in traditional server 
and storage. I know you just posted relatively good numbers. But what are you seeing in the marketplace vis-
…-vis your traction versus your competitors? And kind of how do we think about getting to high single-digit 
growth in that part of the business given sort of the macro environment that we just talked about? 
Thanks.\nYvonne McGill: So David, we are expecting to have growth across the full portfolio in ISG. We -- as I 
talked about, we're expecting to have storage growing in the low single digits, server higher than that and then 
the $15 billion at least in AI servers. So I guess we'll continue -- there's lots of opportunities out there where 
there continues to be multiples of what we've already seen. The pipeline continues to grow. I don't know, Jeff, 
what you'd add to that around ISG. I feel confident and comfortable in the guide we've laid out for the full year 
and the opportunity that it has.\nJeff Clarke: Yes. Maybe a little bit of color. Let's take storage as an example. 
You're seeing a pivot to our Dell IP storage. Modern workloads demand an architecture that can be flexible, 
sufficient, optimizes performance. And we think a disaggregated architecture is the right answer with the 
modern workloads. That presents a headwind of our large position that we have in HCI, which will become 
smaller. But we're going to overcome that by taking share in our Dell IP storage portfolio across the board in 
the midrange. Our software to find project like -- or product like PowerFlex and then PowerScale in the 
infrastructure space. So I mean, I think that gives you a sense of a headwind that may exist there that on the 
surface may not be obvious, but it's certainly something that we're challenged as we pivot towards our 
storage, which is more profitable.\nYvonne McGill: I was going to say it's more profitable to do our own.\nJeff 
Clarke: There's revenue that we'll see go away at a lower margin rate, the HCI business. We have a secular 
decline in the high-end space where we're the market leader with our PowerMax product. So we're going to 
overcome those and drive the growth that Yvonne mentioned. And then traditional servers, I don't know if 
you've seen some of the recent market forecast. It's low single-digit growth. We're going to take share. We've 
now had five consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth that's coming off 8 quarters of a consolidation 
period or - of a consumption period, I should say. And we think this consolidation continues. But the 
consolidation drives fewer units. Those units are actually higher in TRU because of the more cores, memory 
and SSDs I mentioned earlier. And we continue to see that driving our traditional server business. I hope that 
context helped a little bit.\nDavid Vogt : Great. Thanks, Jeff. Thanks a lot.\nJeff Clarke: Thanks, 
David.\nOperator: And moving on to Amit Daryanani with Evercore.\nAmit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. I guess I 
have a question on free cash flow. In fiscal '25, it looks like your free cash flow is down a couple of billion 
dollars versus '24. Can you just talk about what's driving this contraction in free cash flow? And maybe, 
Yvonne, you can help us kind of understand how do we think about free cash flow expectations as we head 
into fiscal '26? What are sort of puts and takes around it? It would be really helpful to kind of get the context, 
at least for fiscal '26, what's going on? And then, Jeff, if I could just have you talk a little bit more about -- well, 
I think it's really impressive that your folks are showing operating leverage in fiscal '26 despite the mix being 
negative. I think the fear everyone seems to have is, is this really durable or is it really driven by one-off 
headcount reduction or something else. So just maybe you can touch on the durability of that would be great 
as well?\nJeff Clarke: You go to, Tyler, then I'll come in on the durability of which structural changes we are 
making up in.\nTyler Johnson: Amit, look, I think -- as I was sitting here last year, I definitely thought cash flow 
was going to be a little bit stronger. If you look at what played out, one, we didn't see the growth in CSG that 
we were expecting. And as you know that throw off really good cash. And then two, we invested a lot in our AI 
business through inventory. And so you can see that our inventory has gone up, and that had a big impact to 
CCC. Now if I look where I am today and I think about FY '26, I would say I've got a few things working in my 
favor. So one, we're at a CCC level where historically, we've always shown improvement from here. And that 
will throw off good cash. We expect good CSG this year, and that will throw off good cash. And if I think about 
the growth in the P&L, that will throw off good cash. So look, I think we feel pretty good about cash. I do 
expect it to be greater than 1x and so yes.\nJeff Clarke: And then to your second question, I probably won't 
give you as much detail as you like because we think some of the changes we're making are very proprietary 
and differentiating us in the market, the fact that we can grow while reducing our operating expenditures, but 
Yvonne hit on it, Amit: simplify, standardize, automate. We are building a new company. We are what we call 
modernizing it. We've made reference to modernization. If you prefer, we're future-proofing the company and 
we're systematically going throughout all of the value streams in the company. And we are modernizing the 
work, the workflows, taking steps out of processes, taking out manual touches, simplifying and standardizing 
those processes, applying automation in the very technologies that we've talked about that get us excited in 
this marketplace, which is why we believe this AI thing makes its way to enterprise, we are deploying AI in the 
enterprise. The broad categories of use cases are industry-known, whether that's content creation and 
management, support assistance, natural language search, design and data creation, cogeneration or 
document automation. Those are broad enterprise use cases. We are deploying those types of technologies 
inside our company and seeing tremendous efficiency from that and it is durable. It's not a one- 
timer.\nYvonne McGill: What's so exciting as we're making all these changes, we're making investments. But 
we're driving all this efficiency to enable that. So the net, what you're seeing us guide to is a lower spend, but 
it's because we're driving all of these efficiencies will enable us to invest OP spending.\nJeff Clarke: Well, I 
think that's very important. I think I mentioned it in the remarks comment that we are reducing the cost. And 
we've built, if you will, the ability to invest more in our innovation engines, more in our areas where we drive 
distinct advantages. Our sales force, we've invested in our sales force over the past year, we've invested in 
services, we've invested in the supply chain while reducing our cost.\nYvonne McGill: And it's just the 
beginning. Thanks Amit.\nOperator: And the next question will come from Matt Niknam with Deutsche Bank. 
Please go ahead.\nMatt Niknam: Hi, thanks so much for taking my question. My question is on CSG. I can ask 
about a different segment. The guidance implies an acceleration over the course of the year. And I'm just 
wondering what sort of visibility or confidence level you have there that this long-awaited PC refresh will 
finally materialize. And I ask that in context of a relative slowdown that was referenced in January?\nJeff 
Clarke: Yes. Matt, maybe this will shed some optimism on why we believe that this refresh that we've talked 
about is in the making. I mean, clearly, we've talked about there's 1.5 billion or so PCs in the installed base. 
We'll say half of them are 4 years or older. It's got to flip 360 million PCs turned 4 years old that were bought 
in 2021 this year. Those are normally flags for opportunity for refresh, but probably the more compelling 
reasons, and I think there are two. We're 9 months away from the Windows 10 end of life. There's over 500 
million PCs running today that can't -- running Windows 10 that can't run Windows 11. There's more than 200 
million PCs today running Windows 10 that can run Windows 11. Those are prime targets for upgrades. It's 
just a large pool of old machines running an older version of the operating system that could be upgraded. If 
you were to reflect on where we were with the Windows 7 end of life compared to where we are today, let's 
just say we have a long way to go in the next 9 months to catch up and be ready for the end of life. We made 
reference that SMB for us had strength. That's always an indicator that things are beginning to move. One of 
the countries that really show a traditional or historical perspective that the refresh is underway is Japan. If 
you look at the dynamics in the Japan marketplace, it is clearly moving through refresh as it will get done 
towards the end of October. And then probably the last thing and the most exciting thing and what is actually 
driving some of the - I think, reticence to refresh right now is AI PCs. And the number of new AI PCs that are 
coming out in the first half of the year, we clearly just launched a bunch of Lunar Lake-based notebooks in 
January. Suffice to say, there's more coming. We've announced AMD AI PCs. Customers are going to want to 
look under the hood at each of those and then make a decision that will future-proof their decision of what is 
the right correct AI PC for them because they'll have the asset for at least 4 years. All of that makes us feel 
more confident that the refresh is coming, albeit delayed, slower than any that I've encountered in my career. 
But all of the data suggests it's there, it's coming, it's coming at a good rate and probably extends. Does that 
help?\nMatt Niknam: It did. Thanks.\nJeff Clarke: Thanks, Matt.\nMatt Niknam: You are welcome.\nOperator: 
And the next question will come from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital.\nAnanda Baruah: Yes, good 
afternoon guys. Thanks for taking the question. Really appreciate it. One for me, maybe two parts, but 
related. Could you talk to, Jeff, how you guys are thinking about the server refresh durability? I believe after 
last call, you talked about part of the current catalyst is folks sort of refreshing older PCs for space and power 
savings in some to prepare for GenAI. And this is ahead of processor refreshes, so I guess sort of the context 
of durability of the traditional server growth you see going on now. And then just the sort of add-on to that is 
you had mentioned focusing -- or targeting to increase attach -- store attach to your GenAI servers. Would 
just love what you're thinking about there. And what are the mechanics of getting that taken care of over 
time? That's it for me. Thanks, guys.\nJeff Clarke: Sure. Let me try the server one again. As I mentioned, we're 
5 quarters now of year-over-year growth that's coming off an 8-quarter digestion period. In our guide and 
what we're trying to articulate is that continues for another 4 quarters. So 5 quarters becomes 9 quarters of 
growth, tempering a little bit. Still driven by the same dynamics that you so well said is freeing up floor space 
and driving energy efficiency and cooling efficiency. The consolidation occurs, as you look at the installed 
base, and we have -- just Dell has a very large installed base of 13G and 14G servers all ripe to be replaced 
with the new 16G server and -- or 17G server. Those conversion rates are roughly a 3 to 4 of the old servers 
can be, if you will, replaced by a single 16G server, and 6 to 7 of the old servers can be replaced by a single 7G 
server. Why? Because they have more cores, they're more memory, more storage, they're more energy-
efficient. And again, that continues, we believe, throughout the fiscal '26, calendar '25. We've seen no signs 
that is going to go away from us in that period of time. If you flip over to your other question, again, the 
fundamental premises, AI needs data. It devours data. You got to feed the beast. The feeding of that beast, if 
you will, has to be closer to where the computational capability is. So hot and warm storage, the notion of 
parallel file systems, unstructured file systems, data management tools that help find data and help data be 
ingested are the opportunities. We have the leading platform for unstructured data. We continue to make it 
better with the F910 and F710 that I mentioned earlier. Nearly a year ago, we talked about a parallel file 
system that we are building, Project Lightning, we referred to it. So we're coming to the marketplace with a AI-
driven parallel file system. And our Dell data lake house allows us to help customers prepare their 
information, manage their information and just their information. Our sales force is incented to attach 
storage with AI opportunities. They will continue to be incented and we inspect that, and we continue to see 
progress in that area.\nAnanda Baruah: Okay, thanks.\nOperator: And our next question will come from 
Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Again, Samik Chatterjee, your line is open. Please go ahead with your 
questions. Perhaps you place this on mute.\nSamik Chatterjee: Hi, hopefully you can hear me now. Jeff, I just 
wanted to go back to some of your prepared remarks and -- about the $15 billion of AI server revenue that you 
were highlighting that you at least expect to grow to that level. Just wondering, how much of that is gated by 
supply, particularly versus the visibility into supply that you're getting? And how much of that commentary 
around sort of at least growing there is a supply dynamic versus a demand dynamic? And should we be 
expecting more sort of linear growth for the quarter as we think about the -- with visibility on supply? Thank 
you.\nJeff Clarke: Well, I think clearly, Hopper supply is available today. I believe there is references 
yesterday that Blackwell is in production and ramping. We're open for business and taking orders. The 
message that I really wanted to drive in our remarks is on day 27 of the fiscal year, we're trying to 
communicate that we are at least $15 billion in AI shipments. Our 5-quarter pipeline continues to grow. It's 
several multiples of our backlog. We are going to pursue every opportunity with the CSPs and in enterprise. 
These large-scale systems are accelerating and getting bigger. Models are quickly moving to reasoning 
models, which consume and require more computational capability, i.e., more computers. And the use 
cases continue to get clearer for enterprise to drive the return on investments they want to see to actually 
use AI more broadly. Algorithm innovation continues to accelerate. Again, these reasoning models are -- will 
consume more computational capability. They're moving to be multimodal, which even consumes more kind 
of like where this is going. We're optimistic. I don't see supply as an issue. Clearly, these are about building 
the right architecture. There's a customer preparation or customer readiness component of this, new data 
centers getting powered, getting water, getting cooling. There's other materials beyond the GPU, getting the 
rack, getting the cold plates, getting the CDUs, the PDUs, all of that is what we orchestrate. We have line of 
sight that is at least $15 billion. We'll continue to update as that might change. And we're all in. I don't know 
what else I can tell you. I hope that helped.\nPaul Frantz: Thanks a lot, Samik. Justin, we'll take one more 
question, please, and then we'll hand it over to Jeff for a close.\nOperator: Our final question will come from 
Asiya Merchant with Citigroup.\nAsiya Merchant: Great, thank you for squeezing me in here. Jeff, if I can just 
ask about your pipeline and the backlog itself, I mean to the extent that you see enterprises and sovereigns in 
that makes -- how has that changed, say, relative to a quarter ago and how you see that progressing as you 
ramp up or as you flush through your pipeline and your backlog? Thank you.\nJeff Clarke: Well, it's maybe 
slightly repetitive to the previous question. The 5-quarter pipeline grew quarter-over-quarter and has grown 
every quarter since the 9680 was launched. The CSP component grew, the enterprise component grew, the 
enterprise customer base grew, sectors like education, technology, manufacturing and government grew. 
Our buyer base in AI continues to grow, what we shipped in Q4. The revenue in Q4 was up. The number of 
new buyers was up. We're well over several -- a couple of thousand of unique customers. So it has a healthy 
mix of enterprise. It clearly has a healthy mix of CSPs. It continues to grow to this notion of several multiples. 
It's with the technologies that are out and available today, and we're excited to see that. And quite honestly, I 
can't remember the second half of your question. So if you'll refresh my memory, I will answer it.\nAsiya 
Merchant: No, that's good. And then just to the extent that you see your attach with those enterprises, how 
much of that is really factored into your fiscal '26 guide?\nJeff Clarke: To the best of our ability, we factor in 
the attach of services, our professional services, our deployment services, our installation services, the 
ability to sell networking and network installation, the ability to sell storage. It's an all-inclusive number when 
we look at that at least $15 billion of AI servers in the marketplace -- shipped in the marketplace.\nPaul 
Frantz: Asiya, thank you, and handing it over to Jeff for our close.\nJeff Clarke: Sure. Thanks, everybody. I 
hope you can tell FY '25 was a strong year. We delivered 8% revenue and 10% EPS growth with $3.9 billion in 
capital returned to shareholders. Our AI business grew to $10 billion while also improving ISG margins year-
over-year. In FY '26, we expect to grow revenue and EPS in excess of our long-term value framework. We 
expect our AI business will grow to at least $15 billion given our robust opportunity pipeline, our engineering, 
our services and financing advantages. This AI business drives incremental operating profit and is EPS-
accretive. We'll continue to modernize the company, reducing operating expenses as we grow, driving further 
leverage in the P&L. We remain committed to our capital allocation framework, where we've announced an 
18% increase in our annual dividend, and our share repurchase authorization increased by $10 billion. We're 
excited for the year ahead. Thanks for your time today.\nOperator: Thank you. This concludes today's 
conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time."


"NVIDIA Corporation provides graphics, and compute and networking solutions in the United States, Taiwan, 
China, and internationally. The company's Graphics segment offers GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the 
GeForce NOW game streaming service and related infrastructure, and solutions for gaming platforms; 
Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics; vGPU software for cloud-based visual and 
virtual computing; automotive platforms for infotainment systems; and Omniverse software for building 3D 
designs and virtual worlds. Its Compute & Networking segment provides Data Center platforms and systems 
for AI, HPC, and accelerated computing; Mellanox networking and interconnect solutions; automotive AI 
Cockpit, autonomous driving development agreements, and autonomous vehicle solutions; cryptocurrency 
mining processors; Jetson for robotics and other embedded platforms; and NVIDIA AI Enterprise and other 
software. The company's products are used in gaming, professional visualization, datacenter, and 
automotive markets. NVIDIA Corporation sells its products to original equipment manufacturers, original 
device manufacturers, system builders, add-in board manufacturers, retailers/distributors, independent 
software vendors, Internet and cloud service providers, automotive manufacturers and tier-1 automotive 
suppliers, mapping companies, start-ups, and other ecosystem participants. It has a strategic collaboration 
with Kroger Co. NVIDIA Corporation was incorporated in 1993 and is headquartered in Santa Clara, 
California."

"Apple Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables, and 
accessories worldwide. The company offers iPhone, a line of smartphones; Mac, a line of personal 
computers; iPad, a line of multi-purpose tablets; and wearables, home, and accessories comprising AirPods, 
Apple TV, Apple Watch, Beats products, and HomePod. It also provides AppleCare support and cloud 
services; and operates various platforms, including the App Store that allow customers to discover and 
download applications and digital content, such as books, music, video, games, and podcasts, as well as 
advertising services include third-party licensing arrangements and its own advertising platforms. In addition, 
the company offers various subscription-based services, such as Apple Arcade, a game subscription service; 
Apple Fitness+, a personalized fitness service; Apple Music, which offers users a curated listening 
experience with on-demand radio stations; Apple News+, a subscription news and magazine service; Apple 
TV+, which offers exclusive original content; Apple Card, a co-branded credit card; and Apple Pay, a cashless 
payment service, as well as licenses its intellectual property. The company serves consumers, and small and 
mid-sized businesses; and the education, enterprise, and government markets. It distributes third-party 
applications for its products through the App Store. The company also sells its products through its retail and 
online stores, and direct sales force; and third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers, and 
resellers. Apple Inc. was founded in 1976 and is headquartered in Cupertino, California."


"Suhasini Chandramouli: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Apple Q1 Fiscal Year 2025 Earnings 
Conference Call. My name is Suhasini Chandramouli, Director of Investor Relations. Today's call is being 
recorded. Speaking first today are Apple CEO, Tim Cook, and he will be followed by CFO, Kevan Parekh. After 
that, we'll open the call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear 
during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those 
regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes, capital allocation, 
and future business outlook, including the potential impact of macroeconomic conditions on the company's 
business and results of operations. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual 
results or trends to differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors 
discussed in Apple's most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC 
today along with the associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking 
statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. I'd now like to turn the call over to Tim for 
introductory remarks.\nTim Cook: Thank you, Suhasini. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining the 
call. Before I talk about our results I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge the devastating wildfires that 
impacted the Los Angeles area this month. From our retail teams to Apple TV+, Apple Music, Fitness Plus, 
Beats and more LA is home to many of our team members. Our thoughts are with everyone who is beginning 
the road to recovery. For our part, we are contributing to the relief efforts and we will continue to support our 
teams and the local community. Now turning to the quarter. Today, Apple is reporting revenue of $124.3 
billion for the December quarter, up 4% from a year ago, and an all-time record. EPS also set an all-time 
record of $2.40, 10% higher year-over-year. We achieved all-time revenue records across the majority of the 
countries and regions we track, including the Americas, Europe, Japan, and the rest of Asia Pacific. We also 
continue to see momentum in emerging markets, setting all-time revenue records in a number of markets, 
including Latin America, the Middle East, and South Asia, among others. In services, we achieved an all-time 
revenue record, and in the past year, we've seen nearly $100 billion in revenue from our services business. 
I'm also pleased to announce that we reached a new record for our installed base with over 2.35 billion active 
devices. In October, we released the first set of Apple Intelligence features in U.S. English for iPhone, iPad, 
and Mac, and we rolled out more features and expanded to more countries in December. Now users can 
discover the benefits of these new features in the things they do every day. They can use writing tools to help 
find just the right words, create fun and unique images with Image Playground and Genmoji, handle daily 
tasks and seek out information with a more natural and conversational Siri, create movies of their memories 
with a simple prompt, and touch up their photos with clean up. We introduced visual intelligence with 
camera control to help users instantly learn about their surroundings. Users can also seamlessly access 
chat GPT across iOS, iPadOS and MacOS. And we were excited to recently begin our international expansion 
with Apple Intelligence now available in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, and the U.K. We're 
working hard to take Apple Intelligence even further. In April, we're bringing Apple Intelligence to more 
languages, including French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish, Japanese, Korean, and simplified 
Chinese, as well as localized English to Singapore and India. And we'll continue to roll out more features in 
the future, including an even more capable Siri. Apple Intelligence builds on years of innovations we've made 
across hardware and software to transform how users experience our products. Apple Intelligence also 
empowers users by delivering personal context that's relevant to them. And importantly, Apple Intelligence is 
a breakthrough for privacy and AI with innovations like Private Cloud Compute, which extends the industry-
leading security and privacy of Apple devices into the cloud. Apple Intelligence opens up an exciting new 
frontier and is already elevating experiences across iPhone, iPad, and Mac. We're going to keep investing in 
innovation and in transformative tools that help users in their everyday lives. Let me now turn to our results 
for the quarter, starting with iPhone. iPhone revenue came in at $69.1 billion, reaching all-time iPhone 
revenue records in dozens of markets and regions. Our iPhone 16 lineup takes the smartphone experience to 
the next level in so many ways, and Apple Intelligence is one of many reasons why customers are excited. 
With the A18 powered iPhone 16 and iPhone 16 Plus, users are getting a big boost in battery life and 
incredible camera experiences with camera control. Our amazingly powerful iPhone 16 Pro models go even 
further with larger-than-ever displays and a pro camera system so advanced it can turn moments into 
masterpieces. In Mac, revenue was $9 billion for the December quarter, 16% higher year-over-year, driven by 
significant excitement around the world for our latest Mac lineup. The Mac is more than just a powerful tool. 
It's a launchpad to enable users to bring their best ideas and boldest creations to life. And there are so many 
reasons to choose Mac, from the breathtaking performance of the M4 family of chips to the groundbreaking 
and growing capabilities of Apple Intelligence. Every product in the Mac lineup offers something 
extraordinary, whether that's the super portable MacBook Air, the powerhouse MacBook Pro, the world's best 
all-in-one iMac, or the small wonder that is the Mac Mini, which is not only stunningly capable, but is our first 
carbon neutral Mac. All of this is enabled by the unparalleled power of Apple Silicon. iPad revenue was $8.1 
billion, up 15% from a year ago, driven by strong interest for our latest products. We love hearing from 
customers, who are discovering for the first time the versatility of iPad from the ultra-portal iPad Mini, built 
from the ground up for Apple intelligence, to the powerful M4 iPad Pro in a stunningly thin and light design. 
iPad is there for our users whenever they need it and wherever they go and we are pleased to see so much 
excitement and enthusiasm for our lineup. Wearables home and accessories revenue came in at $11.7 
billion. With its most advanced display yet and a thinner more comfortable design, the all-new Apple Watch 
Series 10 is the perfect companion to help users pursue their health and fitness goals this year. From the 
powerful Vitals app to more customizable activity rings, users have an ever-increasing set of innovative 
health tools at their fingertips and watchOS 11. Health innovation has long been a focus for us, and we're 
committed to continuing to advance this work, because we know how much it matters to our users. We've 
introduced new hearing health features on AirPods Pro 2, and new sleep apnea notifications on Apple Watch 
are also helping users learn of a potentially serious condition that's thought to affect up to a billion people 
worldwide. During the quarter, we also brought Apple Vision Pro to even more countries, enabling more 
customers to discover the magic of spatial computing. Users are enjoying incredible immersive 
entertainment experiences and powerful new features and enhancements to Mac virtual display. Vision Pro 
is also supercharging the creative process and the incredibly talented director John M. Chu recently shared 
how its extraordinary capabilities helped him bring the movie Wicked to life. Turning to services, we set an all-
time revenue record of $26.3 billion for the December quarter, growing 14% from a year ago. We set all-time 
records in the Americas, Europe, and rest of Asia-Pacific, and a December quarter record in Japan. Five years 
since launch, Apple TV+ continues to be home to incredible storytelling that viewers love. There's nothing 
quite like the anticipation that comes when a fan favorite returns, and we were thrilled to debut the second 
season of Severance earlier this month. We have so much in store for our subscribers this year with new 
shows like The Studio and Your Friends and Neighbors. And we can't wait for the premiere of Formula 1 
starring Brad Pitt on June 27, which will take viewers inside the sport in a truly unprecedented way. We're 
excited that Apple TV+ continues to draw attention and accolades. To-date, Apple TV+ productions have 
earned more than 2,500 nominations and 538 wins. During the quarter, we were also excited to launch a new 
Find My Service that can help our users when they lose their luggage. For the first time, if you put an air tag in 
your suitcase, you'll be able to share its location information with many major airlines, so they can quickly 
track down your bags if they get lost. Turning to retail, our teams went above and beyond to help customers 
find the perfect gift throughout the holiday season. We also celebrated openings of new stores in China, 
Spain, and the U.S. and we were excited to announce plans to connect with even more customers this year 
by adding a fifth store in the UAE and bringing our online store to Saudi Arabia this summer. We can't wait to 
welcome customers to the first of several flagship store locations in Saudi Arabia that were opening 
beginning in 2026. I just had the chance to visit both countries last month, and I had a great time meeting with 
customers and team members. There's an incredible energy and passion for technology in these growing 
markets. Every day, I get deeply moving notes about the many ways our technology is enriching our users' 
lives. I recently got a note from a customer who put his watch on his father's wrist when he feared something 
was wrong with him. The watch alerted them that the father was an AFib and they were able to get him to the 
hospital for potentially life-saving treatment. Another user put his new watch on for the first time and within 
15 minutes was notified of a low heart rate that led to a necessary pacemaker. And there are so many 
touching notes around the profound impact of our new hearing health feature like a recent user who told me 
it had changed her life, allowing her to take part in conversations with her children and grandchildren. These 
are the kind of stories that remind us of how profoundly important our work is, and it drives us to innovate 
each and every day. At Apple, the future is full of promise and potential. We're always searching across a 
world of possibilities, finding those places where we can do the most good and putting all of our energy and 
ingenuity into making something special. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin.\nKevan Parekh: Thanks Tim, and 
good afternoon everyone. I'm going to cover the results for the first quarter of our fiscal year. We are very 
pleased to report an all-time high for revenue with December quarter revenue of $124.3 billion, up 4% year-
over-year. We achieved all-time revenue records in the Americas, Europe, Japan, and rest of Asia Pacific and 
grew in the vast majority of markets we track. Products revenue was $98 billion, up 2% year-over-year, driven 
by growth from iPad and Mac. Thanks to our incredible customer satisfaction and strong loyalty, our installed 
base of active devices reached an all-time high across all products and geographic segments and is now over 
2.35 billion active devices. Services revenue reached an all-time record of $26.3 billion, up 14% year-over-
year. We grew in every geographic segment and achieved all-time records in both developed and emerging 
markets. Company gross margin was 46.9% at the high-end of our guidance range and up 70 basis points 
sequentially, primarily driven by favorable mix. Products gross margin was 39.3%, up 300 basis points 
sequentially, primarily driven by favorable mix and leverage. Services gross margin was 75%, up 100 basis 
points sequentially, primarily driven by mix. Operating expenses of $15.4 billion landed at the midpoint of our 
guidance range and up 7% year-over-year. This strong business performance resulted in all-time records for 
both net income at $36.3 billion and diluted earnings per share of $2.40, up 10% year-over-year. Operating 
cash flow was also strong at $29.9 billion, which included the impact of the $11.9 billion we paid during the 
quarter in connection with the state aid decision. Now, I'm going to provide some more details for each of our 
revenue categories. iPhone revenue was $69.1 billion, roughly flat to the prior year. We grew in the majority of 
markets we track and reached all-time revenue records in several developed markets, including Canada, 
Western Europe, and Japan and in emerging markets like Latin America, the Middle East, and South Asia. The 
iPhone Active installed base grew to an all-time high in total in an average geographic segment. We also set 
an all-time record for upgraders. According to a recent survey from Kantar during the December quarter, 
iPhone was a top-selling model in the U.S., Urban China, India, the U.K., France, Australia, and Japan. We 
continue to see high levels of customer satisfaction in the U.S. at 96% as measured by 451 research. Mac 
generated $9 billion in revenue, up 16% year-over-year. We saw strength across our lineup from the new Mac 
Mini to the latest MacBook Air and MacBook Pro models. This incredible performance was broad-based with 
double-digit growth in every geographic segment. With our latest advances in Apple Silicon and our fastest 
neural engine ever, customers are able to take advantage of the full capabilities of AI and Mac. The Mac 
installed base reached an all-time high and we saw a double-digit growth for both upgraders and customers 
new to the Mac. Additionally, customer satisfaction in the U.S. was recently measured at 94%. iPad revenue 
was $8.1 billion, up 15% year-over-year, driven by the new iPad Mini and latest iPad Air. The iPad installed 
base reached another all-time high, and over half of the customers who purchased an iPad during the quarter 
were new to the product. Customer satisfaction was at 96% in the U.S. based on the latest reports from 451 
Research. Wearable's home and accessories revenue was $11.7 billion, down 2% year-over-year. Customers 
are excited about the new AirPods 4 and the latest hearing health features in AirPods Pro 2. On watch, 
although we face a difficult compare against the watch Ultra 2 launch last year, the Apple Watch installed 
base reached a new all-time high, with over half of customers purchasing an Apple Watch during the quarter 
being new to the product. Customer satisfaction for watch in the U.S. was reported at 94%. Our services 
revenue reached an all-time high of $26.3 billion, up 14% year-over-year. Services continues to see strong 
momentum, and the growth of our installed base of active devices gives us great opportunities for the future. 
We also see increased customer engagement with our services offerings. Both transacting and paid 
accounts reached new all-time highs, with paid accounts growing double-digits year-over-year. Paid 
subscriptions also grew double-digits. We have well over 1 billion paid subscriptions across the services on 
our platform. We remain focused on improving the breadth and quality of our services offerings, from new 
games on Apple Arcade to exciting new programming on Fitness Plus, and the continued expansion of 
features like Tap to Pay, now live in 20 markets. Turning to enterprise, we have seen businesses continue to 
expand their deployments of our products and services. Deutsche Bank launched its Mac as Choice program 
for the developers and also issued the latest MacBook Air as a standard computer for their entire mortgage 
lending division. And we're excited to see leading enterprises such as SAP leverage Apple Intelligence in the 
U.S., with features like writing tools, summarize, and priority notifications to enhance both their employee 
and customer experiences. We also see strong demand in our emerging markets. For example, Zomato, a 
leading food ordering and delivery company in India, has deployed 1,000 of Macs across their workforce to 
foster innovation. In Vision Pro continues to see more use cases in enterprise, with Cisco's new spatial 
meetings delivering a fully immersive video conferencing experience for remote collaboration and learning. 
Let me quickly summarize our cash position and capital return program. We ended the quarter with $141 
billion in cash and marketable securities. We repaid $1 billion in maturing debt and decreased commercial 
paper by $8 billion, resulting in $97 billion in total debt. Therefore, net cash at the end of the quarter was $45 
billion. During the quarter, we returned over $30 billion to shareholders. This included $3.9 billion in 
dividends and equivalents and $23.3 billion through open market repurchases of 100 million Apple shares. 
As usual, we will provide an update to our capital return program when we report results for the March 
quarter. As we move ahead into the March quarter, I'd like to review our outlook which includes the types of 
forward-looking information that Suhasini referred to at the beginning of the call. The color we're providing 
today assumes that the macroeconomic outlook doesn't worsen from what we're projecting today for the 
current quarter. As the dollar is strengthened significantly, we expect foreign exchange to be a headwind and 
to have a negative impact on revenue of about 2.5 percentage points on a year-over-year basis. Despite that 
headwind, we expect our March quarter total company revenue to grow low to mid-single-digits year-over-
year. We expect services revenue to grow low-double-digits year-over-year. When you remove the negative 
impact of the foreign exchange headwinds I described earlier, the year-over-year growth rate would be 
comparable to that of the December quarter. We expect gross margin to be between 46.5% and 47.5%. We 
expect operating expenses to be between $15.1 billion and $15.3 billion. We expect OI&E to be around 
negative $300 million, excluding any potential impact from the mark-to-market of minority investments, and 
our tax rate to be around 16%. Finally, today our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.25 per 
share of common stock payable on February 13, 2025, to shareholders of record as of February 10, 2025. 
With that, let's open to call the questions.\nSuhasini Chandramouli: Thank you, Kevin. We ask that you limit 
yourself to two questions. Operator, may we have the first question please?\nOperator: Certainly, we will go 
ahead and take our first question from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.\nErik Woodring: 
Great guys, Thanks so much for taking my questions. Tim, in your prepared remarks, you had noted that 
iPhone 16 models are selling better in markets where Apple Intelligence is available? And I'm just wondering 
if you could double-click on that comment a bit and share any other details you believe could better help us 
understand how Apple Intelligence is really impacting iPhone demand and/or what features you find that 
users are using most often already? And then I just have a quick follow-up. Thank you.\nTim Cook: Yes, Eric. 
Hi, it's Tim. The -- we did see that the markets where we had rolled out Apple Intelligence, that the year-over-
year performance on the iPhone 16 family was stronger than those where Apple Intelligence was not 
available. In terms of the features that people are using, they're using all of the ones that I'd referenced in my 
opening comments from writing tools to image playground and Genmoji to visual intelligence and more. And 
so we see all of those being used. The cleanup is another one that is popular and people love seeing that one 
demoed in the stores as well. We only had 2, 2.5 weeks or so during the December quarter of the second 
release of [18.2] (ph) and then only had the U.K. and the other English language countries for the 2.5 weeks. 
And so we've got just the early indications at the moment, but we were glad?\nErik Woodring: Okay, that's 
really helpful.\nTim Cook: Yes.\nErik Woodring: Okay, thank you for that, Tim. It's helpful. And then, you 
know, if we just touch on China, obviously, in the news fairly frequently, if we set aside China Macro, which I 
understand is still challenging, can you maybe talk about the headwinds that that Apple faces, whether 
that's, you know, shifting preferences for Western technology brands in favor of domestic vendors, or is this 
just a function of not necessarily having Apple intelligence available with the iPhone 16, which is, you know, 
not necessarily helping replacement cycles. Just maybe double clicking on, on what you think and what 
you're hearing in China as a regard as it relates to the iPhone. Thanks so much.\nTim Cook: Yes, sure. If you 
look at our greater China revenue for the quarter, we were down 11% year-over-year. And over half of the 
decline that we experienced was driven by change in channel inventory from the beginning to the end of the 
quarter. And of course on the Apple intelligence side we have not rolled out in China and as we just talked 
about we did see better results in the markets that we had rolled out in than markets we hadn't rolled out in. 
And of course, it's the most competitive market in the world. And so all of those things are true. In terms of 
the macro situation, there was a fiscal stimulus or subsidy announced in very recently in January that did not 
affect the December quarter. There were some provincial subsidies in the December quarter, but the 
national program was announced, I believe, on January 20. And it does cover the categories that we have 
products in from smartphones to tablets and PCs and smart watches up to a certain, a maximum price point. 
And so we do see fiscal stimulus occurring and we'll be glad to talk about what that looks like on the next 
call.\nErik Woodring: Great. Thanks so much, Tim. Good luck.\nTim Cook: Thank you.\nSuhasini 
Chandramouli: Thank you, Eric. Operator, can we have the next question, please?\nOperator: Our next 
question is from Ben Reitzes with Melius. Please go ahead.\nBen Reitzes: Hey, guys. Thanks a lot for the 
question. And, hey, Tim, I wanted to ask you who -- you knew this one was coming, but there's a perception 
that you're a big beneficiary of lower cost of compute and I was wondering if you could give your worldly 
perspective here on the DeepSeek situation and if you are going to, if you, if anything's happened to change 
your views in terms of a tailwind to margins and your ability to execute even due to the potential for cost to 
come down due to that development and probably what was going to happen anyway. But I'd love your 
perspective on that and then have a quick follow-up. Thanks.\nTim Cook: Sure. In general, I think innovation 
that drives efficiency is a good thing. And that's what you see in that model. Our tight integration of silicon 
and software, I think, will continue to serve us very well. As you know, we do things on the device, and we do 
things in the private cloud and which mimics from a architectural point of view the -- what happens on the 
device. And from a CapEx point of view, we've always taken a very prudent and deliberate approach to our 
expenditure and we continue to leverage a hybrid model, which I think continues to serve us well.\nBen 
Reitzes: Oh, great. All right. Thanks, Tim. And then, you know, just with regard to, you know, the iPhone 
trajectory, do you feel like, I guess, what is -- you obviously don't talk about new products and stuff like that, 
but do you feel that there's a lot of room for form factor innovation in the future? Or do you feel that the 
current lineup kind of it shows where you're going? I guess without pulling punches wondering if you, you 
thought you know in terms of the phone innovation if there's a lot more to come and you could see the kind of 
current market changing a bit over the next two to three years. Thanks.\nTim Cook: I think, Ben, I think there's 
a lot more to come and I could not feel more optimistic about our product pipeline. So I think there's a lot of 
innovation left on the smartphone.\nBen Reitzes: Thanks a lot, Tim.\nTim Cook: Yes, thank you.\nSuhasini 
Chandramouli: Thank you, Ben. Operator, could we have the next question, please?\nOperator: Our next 
question is from Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.\nMichael Ng: Good afternoon. Thank you 
for the question. I have two as well. First, it was encouraging to hear about the record for iPhone upgraders, 
which I think is something you haven't said for about a year now. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit 
about what you would attribute this upgrade strength to? Has Apple Intelligence played a role in helping 
upgrades in the markets that you've launched in? Thanks.\nTim Cook: Yes, thank you for the question. If you 
look at iPhone, we did set an all-time record for upgraders, so we've never seen a higher level of upgraders 
before. The installed base hit a new all-time high as well. And if you look at the 16, compared to the 15 from 
launch, which occurred, as you know, in September, so this is across now two quarters from September to 
the end of the December fiscal quarter, the 16 outperformed the 15. And so I think you can conclude from 
that, that there are compelling reasons to upgrade. And in the markets where we had launched Apple 
Intelligence, they outperformed the markets that we did not. So lots?\nMichael Ng: Great, thank you, Tim. 
That's?\nTim Cook: Yes, lots of good color there.\nMichael Ng: Great, thank you, Tim. That's very clear. And 
then I had one about the iPad Pro and for the thinner version. I was just wondering if you could talk about that 
thin form factor for the iPad Pro. How did it help iPad sales overall and what did your kind of marketing 
consumer research tell you about how consumers valued that thin product form factor? Thank you.\nTim 
Cook: It's a good question. iPad overall grew 15% for the quarter and it was more driven by iPad Air and the 
entry level iPad than it was the top level iPad. But overall we could not be more pleased with the iPad 
category growing 15%. It's a great achievement for the quarter. And probably what is most important is that 
over half of the sales in the December quarter went to customers who were new to the iPad. So that tells us 
that there's a good amount of customers there to attract.\nMichael Ng: Thank you very much, Tim.\nTim 
Cook: Yes. Thank you.\nSuhasini Chandramouli: Thanks, Mike. Operator, could we have the next question, 
please?\nOperator: Our next question is from Amit Daryanani from Evercore. Please go ahead.\nAmit 
Daryanani: Good afternoon, everyone. I have two as well. Maybe to start with, you folks are seeing some very 
robust growth trends in emerging markets right now for Apple products? Can you just add a high level, just 
talk about the durability of growth that you see in emerging markets? And then do you think the summation of 
these emerging markets are starting to get big enough or perhaps starting to grow fast enough that it can 
actually offset some of the China headwinds you're going through?\nTim Cook: We have great results in a 
number of emerging markets. And as you know from past calls, I'm particularly keen on India. India set a 
December quarter record during the quarter. And we're opening more stores there. We've announced that 
we're going to open four new stores there. We also, the iPhone was the top selling model in India for the 
quarter. And it's the second largest smartphone market in the world and the third largest for PCs and tablets 
and so there's a huge market and we are -- we have very modest share in these markets. And so I think there's 
lots of upside there. And that's just one of the emerging markets.\nKevan Parekh: Yes, maybe I'll add, Amit, 
that in emerging markets we're also seeing double-digit growth on the install base, both in total and for the 
iPhone as well. So that's also an encouraging sign.\nAmit Daryanani: Perfect. Thank you. And then, you know, 
just a question on gross margins for the March quarter. You folks are guiding gross margin is flattish on a 
sequential basis. Typically, I think it tends to be guided up a little bit, 50 basis points, so sequentially. Can we 
just touch on like, what are the offsets of the puts and takes you see here on gross margins? And Kevan, 
maybe you can just talked about its FX having an outsized impact in your margin profile as well in 
March?\nKevan Parekh: Yes, Amit, let me take that One. You know, as we mentioned in my remarks, we're 
guiding to 46.5% to 47.5%. So we think it's, you know, we're very pleased with that level of guidance. As you 
mentioned, there's always puts and takes. We do think there's going to be some FX headwinds, which we 
talked about, that's going to affect, you know, our revenue growth as well. You know, it'll have an impact here 
on the margin, a sequential impact on margins. But we think that's going to be offset by favorable costs and 
the relative mix of services. We also, as you know, when we move from Q1 to Q2, especially on the product 
side, because Q1 is such a large quarter for a products business, we do have a loss of leverage. So there are 
some puts and takes, and I think we feel good about the range. We think it's a very, very strong guide for gross 
margin.\nSuhasini Chandramouli: Thanks, Amit. Operator, could we get the next question, 
please?\nOperator: Our next question is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go 
ahead.\nWamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you so much. Tim, I want to follow-up on your comment about channel 
inventory in China. I was wondering if you could maybe address more broadly if channel inventory across 
your different product lines and regions? Do you feel they're elevated or out of range in any other regions? 
And given the clearing event that kind of happened in China, I guess in the quarter, should we think of a more 
normal progression quarter-on-quarter into the March quarter in China in particular, and I will follow.\nTim 
Cook: Yes, I don't want to project sales for the current quarter by region, but if you if you look at the channel 
inventory and look at iPhone in the aggregate, so on a worldwide basis we're very comfortable with our 
channel inventory position in the -- in China my point was that our channel inventory reduced from the 
beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter, and that was over half of the reduction in the reported 
results. And so if you look, part of the reason for that is that our sales were a bit higher than we forecasted 
them to be toward the end of the quarter. And so we ended a little leaner than we had expected to.\nWamsi 
Mohan: Okay, that's very clear. Thank you.\nTim Cook: Yes, thank you.\nWamsi Mohan: And then maybe as 
my follow-up, your services growth has been very strong and I know you've kind of been navigating some 
pretty challenging regulatory burdens on the business globally. So how should investors think about maybe 
either a top line or margin headwind that let's say you're currently absorbing in your results that could 
potentially maybe reverse in a more balanced regulatory environment? Thank you so much.\nKevan Parekh: 
Yes. So I think one, I just wanted to kind of reiterate the fact that, you know, our services business had an all-
time record for December quarter of 14%. And that was a one strength that we saw across all geographic 
segments and also was very broad base across all of our services. So we have, as you know, a very broad 
services portfolio. And so we do see, you know, good momentum across the board. And as well, we continue 
to see increasing engagement across the customer base, across all of the service offerings, both transacting 
and paid accounts. We talked about reaching all-time highs, and we have over now 1 billion paid 
subscriptions across the services platform.\nSuhasini Chandramouli: All right. Thanks, Wamsi. Operator, 
could we get the next question, please?\nOperator: Our next question is from Samik Chatterjee with 
JPMorgan. Please go ahead.\nSamik Chatterjee: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess for the first one, if 
I -- I mean, you had a great quarter on Macs and iPads both. And I'm just curious, in terms of if you can help 
us think about the sustainability of this double-digit growth that you saw in both the product lines, and more 
interest are also here, we are talking about Apple Intelligence sort of influencing volumes on iPhones, but any 
thoughts on sort of how -- what does that influence look like in terms of volumes for Macs, for example, 
where I think there's a lot of conversation on AI PCs, how you're thinking about the impact there? And I have a 
quick follow-up. Thank you.\nTim Cook: Yes. If you look at Mac, Mac was up 16% and on iPad, we were up 
15%. The Mac was driven by the very strong uptake on our new products during the quarter and the continued 
success of the MacBook Air. And so as you know, we've launched an M4-based MacBook Pro, an iMac and a 
Mac Mini during the quarter. We believe we've got the best AI PC out there for running workloads. The silicon 
in the Mac is, and it has been for several years now, designed by us and really designed for these workloads. 
And so I don't want to project at the category level for the future, but we're incredibly pleased with both the 
Mac and the iPad for the quarter.\nSamik Chatterjee: Okay. And Tim, I'm going to use your earlier discussion 
about India as a strong emerging market to sort of ask you about the supply chain planning there in terms of 
how much of the supply chain planning there that you're doing is more of a reflection of the growth 
expectations from that market relative to in terms of diversification of the supply chain? And how should we 
sort of think about that strategy in terms of that particular country? Thank you.\nTim Cook: Yes. If you look at 
the manufacturing we do there, we do manufacturing both for the domestic market, and we export. And so in 
-- our business needs a certain economies of scale for it to make sense to manufacture in country. And so 
that really means that we're going to be both a use for the domestic market and an export market.\nSamik 
Chatterjee: Great. Thank you.\nTim Cook: Yes, thanks.\nSuhasini Chandramouli: Thank you, Samik. 
Operator, could we get the next question, please?\nOperator: Our next question is from David Vogt with UBS. 
Please go ahead.\nDavid Vogt: Great, thanks, guys, for taking my question. So maybe, Tim, this is for you. I'm 
trying to think about your commentary around Apple Intelligence being sort of a momentum driver for the 
iPhone business. But when I think about your kind of framework for the March quarter, if I kind of adjust for 
channel inventory over the last couple of years, kind of, feels like your iPhone revenue for the March quarter 
is going to be relatively similar to the quarter two years ago and even the quarter last year? So how do we 
square kind of the momentum versus kind of the iPhone business effectively really kind of unchanged over 
the last couple of years? And then second, when I think about kind of the gross margin profile of the business, 
obviously, you've done a great job in taking gross margins up. Where do you think we sit in terms of, on the 
services side at least, where margins could go? It looks like the 75% margin has been incredibly successful 
quarter. But just trying to get a sense for where do you think this number could go over the intermediate 
term? Thank you.\nTim Cook: Yes. If you look at Apple Intelligence, what my point earlier was, that markets 
where we had rolled out Apple Intelligence during the Q1 period performed better on a year-over-year basis 
than markets where we had not. And so that gives us -- it's a positive indicator that we were pleased with. 
There are many compelling reasons to upgrade. And the other thing I would say, that I think I mentioned 
earlier, is that if you look at it from a launch to the end of the December quarter, and so that goes back to 
September, the 16 family is outperforming the 15 family. And so I think those are two good data points. Our 
next round of language rollouts will be in April. And so it will be at the -- in our Q3 quarter. And I'll let Kevan 
take the gross margin question.\nDavid Vogt: Yes, great.\nKevan Parekh: Hi, David. How are you? So on the 
Services gross margin, I think maybe just stepping back a second. Services business in general in aggregate 
is accretive to the overall company margin. And one of the things, as an important reminder, is we've got a 
very broad services portfolio. And those businesses have very different margin profiles. And so I think, one, 
it's because of the nature of those businesses and in part also because of the way we account for them. And 
so one of the big factors that drive the Services gross margins and relative performance of those different 
businesses within the portfolio. We also have the dynamic of some scale businesses like payment services, 
iCloud, that are actually growing. And there, when we add incremental users, those end up being accretive to 
margins as well. And so in general, what we saw in the December quarter was nice momentum across our 
entire services business that allows us to deliver that 75% margin at the services level. And I think our 
guidance takes into consideration what we think we're going to land from a company standpoint of 46.5% to 
47.5%, which again, we think is a strong guide.\nDavid Vogt: Great, thanks, guys.\nSuhasini Chandramouli: 
All right, thank you, David. Operator, could we have the next question, please?\nOperator: Our next question 
is from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.\nKrish Sankar: Yes, thanks for taking my question. I 
also had two of them. One, the first one for Tim. You had very strong Mac growth, 16% year-over-year last 
quarter. Just wondering how much of that was driven by some of the Mac silicon innovation versus a 
replacement cycle for Macs?\nTim Cook: I don't know the answer to your question precisely, but I think it is a 
combination of these products are so compelling, the M4-based products are so compelling, that it's driving 
both upgrades at the double-digit level and it's driving switchers at a double-digit level. And so we're seeing 
both come out, and I think it's just because of the compelling products.\nKrish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Thanks 
for that, Tim. And then a follow-up for Kevan on the gross margin. I want to ask you on the product side. Last 
quarter, you had 39.3%, which is very strong, similar to a year ago period. I'm kind of curious how much more 
levels do you have on the product side to improve the gross margin? Or do you think with some of the more 
new AI-related devices, there's more upside to gross margin from here on the product hardware 
side?\nKevan Parekh: Yes. Thanks, Krish, for the question. So on the product side, as you mentioned, we had 
pretty strong sequential improvement, 300 basis points, for the December quarter. That was really driven by, 
we talked about, favorable mix and leverage. As you know, in Q1, again, it's a launch quarter for many 
products, and so we tend to benefit from the leverage that we get from that higher volume. I would say, in 
general, our gross margin on products is driven by a number of factors. One of them is the various product 
launches that we have. Different products do have different margin profiles. And so that mix does make a 
difference. And in particular, what we're seeing is, for example, many of our mix is across like phone, for 
example, we're seeing customers gravitate towards our Pro products because of things like affordability that 
allows our customers to get into our best products, which have favorable gross margins. So we're continuing 
to see that trend, that impacted us in the December quarter. As well, I think we're in a favorable commodity 
environment from a cost standpoint. And so we're benefiting from that as well in the December quarter. And 
then that's going to be, as we talked about, we're going to have a foreign exchange headwind heading into the 
March quarter, but we figured that's contemplated in the guidance range that we gave, the 46.5% to 
47.5%.\nKrish Sankar: Thanks, Kevan. Thanks, Tim.\nSuhasini Chandramouli: Thank you, Krish. Operator, 
could we get the next question, please?\nOperator: Our next question is from Richard Kramer with Arete 
Research. Please go ahead.\nRichard Kramer: Thanks very much. My first question is for Tim. I'd like to ask 
about what might accelerate the pace of Apple Intelligence adoption. I guess do you see this simply as a 
question of time i.e., to launch more markets and languages or increase the percentage of installed base 
devices that can support it? Or is it a question of money, i.e., shifting R&D or marketing spend towards AI? 
And based on other prior Apple services, do you expect a sort of tipping point where adoption will go 
mainstream? Thanks.\nTim Cook: I do believe it will go mainstream. I'm getting feedback from people using 
different features today. And this is -- keep in mind that on the iPhone side of our business, you either have to 
have an iPhone 15 Pro or iPhone 16 to use Apple Intelligence. And so the -- as that base grows, I think the 
usage will continue to grow. And I think -- I know from my own personal experience, once you start using the 
features, you can't imagine not using them anymore. I know I get 100s of e-mails a day, and the 
summarization function is so important. So I think it's a combination of that. And of course, in April, we roll 
out a whole series of new languages that we had mentioned, and so the base grows further.\nRichard 
Kramer: Okay, thank you. And then, Kevan, one of Luca's legacies was really getting Apple to record margin 
levels and also maintaining very consistent pricing across the product range. But taking the current high 
levels of profitability as fairly stable, what observations might you share about price sensitivity of users and 
whether having a wider range of pricing across the products might unlocks potentially further market share 
gains or boost overall product growth?\nKevan Parekh: Yes, it's a good question. I think one, I don't think 
we're going to really depart from what served us pretty well to now. I mean we always take it into 
consideration, looking at short-term -- comparison between the short term and the long term. I think we've 
had a pretty disciplined pricing strategy, which would serve us pretty well. And I think we're going to 
continually kind of stick with that as far as I can tell.\nRichard Kramer: Okay, thanks.\nSuhasini 
Chandramouli: Thank you, Richard. Operator, could we get the next question, please?\nOperator: Our next 
question is from Atif Malik with Citi. Please go ahead.\nAtif Malik: Hi, thank you for taking my question. How 
do you guys see the potential tariff impact to your product for consumer demand under Trump 2.0 you guys 
did find under Trump 1.0?\nTim Cook: We are monitoring the situation and don't have anything more to add 
than that.\nAtif Malik: Great. And Tim, as a follow-up, there is a lot of discussion on agentic AI, the use of 
agents. Do you guys see the upgraded series expected in April as something that will, let's say, be the killer 
application among the suite of features that you have announced in Apple Intelligence?\nTim Cook: I think 
the killer feature is different for different people. But I think for most, they're going to find that they're going to 
use many of the features every day. And certainly, one of those is the -- is Siri, and that will be coming over 
the next several months.\nAtif Malik: Thank you.\nSuhasini Chandramouli: All right. Thank you, Atif. Operator, 
could we please get the last question?\nOperator: Our last question is from Ben Bollin from Cleveland 
Research Company. Please go ahead.\nBen Bollin: Good evening, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. 
Tim, I'm interested in your thoughts and how you would have us think about the average useful life of these 
devices in the wild. And in particular, curious, if you look at the strength you saw in fiscal ?21 and how that 
might support accelerated refresh opportunity into the future?\nTim Cook: Yes. Ben, I think it's different for 
different types of users. I mean you have very early adopter kind of users that are very quick to jump on the 
latest technology that upgrade very frequently. And then you have people that are on the entire opposite side 
of that barbell. And most people are between those two points. And so I do think there were lots of units that 
are sold during the COVID period of time, and it's a huge opportunity for us as a company to -- for more than 
one of the product categories.\nBen Bollin: That?s it from me. Thanks, Tim.\nTim Cook: Thank you.\nSuhasini 
Chandramouli: All right. Thanks, Ben. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple 
Podcasts or as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. The number for the telephone replay is 
866-583-1035. Please enter confirmation code 7398532 followed by the pound sign. These replays will be 
available by approximately 5 p.m. at Pacific Time today. Members of the press with additional questions can 
contact Josh Rosenstock at 408-862-1142. And financial analysts can contact me, Suhasini Chandramouli, 
with additional questions at 408-974-3123. Thanks again for joining us here today.\nOperator: Once again, 
this does conclude today's conference. We do appreciate your participation."

